how you doing I'm awful baby boy I'm
feeling physically inadequate tonight I
mean you ain't Johnson that's not good
you're good you look good hey does
anyone call you yam because those you're
your initials oh I am you know I think I
might have tried that on very very early
on you did huh doesn't work it doesn't
work doesn't work you can say yam you
could also call me sweet potato you know
sweet potato oh let's get into it
what do you know about these sweet
potato sweet potato fruity is my is my
clown name why yeah actually it's really
random you have a clown name of course I
have a clowny but if everyone is a clown
name how do you get your clown name well
you go to Yale School of Drama and you
take class with the instructor his name
is Chris Bayes and did you have anything
to do with yam you what it possibly did
a long time ago
you uh you did yeah you went to Yale
which is a very very difficult program
to get into right yeah that's what the
method they they take very few people a
lot of people want to go uh-huh they
don't take many people but you were
doing something entirely different
before then yeah man I um I studied
architecture so my background is in
architecture went to Berkeley UC
Berkeley worked in city planning
and I got laid off fed up after about
ten months and decided that I was gonna
take a left turn go try something
different and it turned out to be acting
was your family excited that you were
abandoning your career as an architect
and into acting like how you put it home
my family is so so supportive yeah I'm
the youngest of six and they've just
been having so much fun going on this
journey with me
coming to the premieres sometimes it's
hard to get tickets so I kind of you
know I say okay well you're gonna come
to this premiere you're gonna come to
that premiere I'm glad I'm glad to have
a lot of jobs you know yeah all right
parse them out I mean they're so so
supportive my my sister she sees she
sort of liked it she says she's the
president of my fan club I have another
one who's who runs my social media
account and things like the whole yeah
so there's
they're supportive almost to a
ridiculous extent oh yeah I'm gonna bear
they're there any for the long haul I
used to say that that like you know if
I'd if I quit architecture and decided
to go and like be an astronaut an
astronaut that they would support me I
used to say to say anything about acting
they would follow you at this face but
not anymore no not anymore no I think I
think they like the premieres this is
more fun than NASA yeah I would imagine
so okay so you made that shift yeah life
wise yeah and now you know what I want
to be careful because I know that if you
wha if you haven't if you're not up to
date on Watchmen go to the bathroom or
something right now because we have some
things that we need to talk about okay
so Watchmen is as anybody who knows
knows is based on a graphic novel haha
which is a fancy word for comic book
yeah which is a great graphic novel
great comic book and it when there was a
there's an unbelievable twist yeah in
the show and you are really the twist
because you seemed like you were Regina
Kings husband which is not a bad deal
right at all you know that if the
breakdown says you know stay-at-home
husband I'm like well who's my wife
Regina King HBO you don't really got to
save much else came in Linda life the
writer and creator I'm signed up for
that job seven days out of the week did
you know that you were it was gonna
start off very domestic and then it was
suddenly you would become a nude blue
god nah man did not know I hadn't had no
idea no what told you were gonna be
naked on the show no one told me I was
gonna be making her so I said it's HBO
so maybe I get lucky or something like
that but when did you find out that this
was gonna be the case uh I was I think I
shot one I definitely shot the pilot and
I was if it was somewhere in between the
second episode and the third episode and
you know I was building up Carol to be a
person that people could be in love with
and you know a great stay-at-home
husband who cooks and cleans it doesn't
work and things like that and and Damon
told me that he wants to speak to me
about his cat about my character so he
brought me in his office I was here in
Los Angeles and he's taking photos no
because he did that to me once and I was
weird and we were on the air which made
it even weirder yeah
I took off my clothes so so he asked he
says to you though so it's too late to
say no by the way right the parrot was a
naked character here's the thing so he
sits me down on the couch at a
comfortable distance you know the way
and uh and uh he says so basically Cal
is dr. Manhattan and I have this thing
that I do when when when I'm dealing
with someone of a you know of a higher
work status or something yeah he's your
boss and my boss right and I would
imitate their body language and it makes
it makes me more comfortable it kind of
puts me at ease huh and and so I was
sort of doing the same thing with him
and so I was naturally very comfortable
and I sort of received the information
in the same way that he gave it to me
and I sort of said oh okay Wow yeah
thank you that's that's really awesome
awesome news but on the inside man I was
tearing the room up man I'm going on dr.
merek side right right and then I say oh
I said okay well I guess I said one I'm
gonna have to get in shape
I said I'm probably I said I'm
definitely gonna have to be naked and
then I said you know what I probably I
knew I should ask for more money I knew
I should ask you know this is your
by the way luckily God has blessed you
because otherwise this could have been a
very embarrassing situation because you
are really naked did you ever have to
get naked when you worked in the City
Planning Office or was this just an
acting thing no it was just a probably
have a pretty good lawsuit on my hands
yeah you yes you would yes you would all
in the whole city
well things are working out all right
for you well congratulations on the show
it's fantastic appreciate and you're I
mean what could be better and you're
playing a god you know it's just you and
Thor really right and it works it's
double except you know I get to walk
around in my birthdays you get yes and
Thor sadly has to wear that thing yeah
all right well it's great to meet you
and it's shows called Watchmen season
finale airs Sunday night 9 o'clock on
HBO yeah I'll be with you in a second
we'll be right back with she and him I
am Jimmy Kimmel give back this holiday
season buy my new book the serious goose
I wrote it and illustrated it all the
money I make those two children's
hospitals across the country so you know
what to do